Description
Devops Team Lead position



Lab42 is a cutting-edge cyber company developing advanced cyber intelligence and security

solutions designed to meet complex and evolving technological challenges in the

cybersecurity landscape.

We are seeking a DevOps Team Lead to guide and grow our DevOps team.

This is a collaborative leadership role that requires strong technical hands-on capabilities in

DevOps practices, proven experience in mentoring engineers, and deep expertise in

securing infrastructure and applications.

As the main coordinator of DevSecOps responsibilities in the company, you will be directly

responsible for designing and implementing robust security across all environments.

Key Responsibilities:

 Lead, mentor, and support the professional growth of DevOps engineers, fostering a

collaborative and high-performance team environment.

 Provide technical leadership while empowering team members to take ownership of

implementation details.

 Manage and work with subcontractors as needed to expand capacity, velocity and

scale.

 Architect, build, and maintain scalable and secure on-premise and cloud

infrastructure.

 Design, implement and maintain CI/CD pipelines that are resilient, auditable, and

secure.

 Fully own infrastructure and application security: assess risks, define policies,

implement protections, and monitor for vulnerabilities or breaches.

 Ensure high availability, performance, and cost-effectiveness of deployed systems.

 Collaborate with product, research, development, and QA teams to support secure

and efficient product delivery.

Required Qualifications:

 5+ years of experience in DevOps or infrastructure engineering, including at least 2

years in a technical leadership or team lead role.

 Demonstrated experience mentoring team members, conducting code and

architecture reviews, and driving team-wide improvement initiatives.

 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with a growth mindset and passion

for knowledge-sharing.

 Deep understanding of cloud and on-prem infrastructure security, including:

o Threat modeling and vulnerability management

o Identity and access management (IAM)



o Network security tools and concepts (e.g., VPNs, Firewalls, WAFs, Security

Groups, ACLs)

o Proficiency with containerization and orchestration tools, with a focus on

security best practices (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)

 Strong scripting skills (Python, Bash, or PowerShell).

 Experience with CI/CD tools and infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Jenkins, GitLab CI,

ArgoCD, Terraform, Ansible).

 Solid experience managing both Windows and Linux environments and virtualization

solutions (e.g VMWare, Proxmox, Hyper-V etc.)

Advantages:

 Alumni of an IDF technological or cyber unit.

 Experience implementing DevSecOps practices from the ground up.

 Familiarity with compliance standards (e.g., ISO 27001, NIST, SOC 2).